Log module [8557] (#147)
eProsima/Fast-RTPS-docs: docs/fastdds/logging/logging_filtering.rst

.. include:: includes/aliases.rst

.. _dds_layer_log_filter:

Filters
-------

*eProsima Fast DDS* logging module allows for log entry filtering when consuming the logs, so that an application
execution output can be limited to specific areas of interest.
Beside the :ref:`dds_layer_log_verbosity_level`, *Fast DDS* provides three different filtering possibilities.

.. contents::
    :local:
    :backlinks: none
    :depth: 1

> Keep in mind that filters are applied in the specific order presented above, meaning that file name filtering is only

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is worth mentioning that filters are applied in the specific order presented above, meaning that file name filtering is only
```
